Home Page:
Properly center “plus sign” buttons on facilities.
Athletics option needs to highlight tennis and baseball field as well
The baseball field needs to be shown
The roads need to be labeled
Excelsior Boulevard along the top
Blake Road along the right side 
Why is there orange coloring on some of the spaces?
Blake Logo is cut off on the top of the point.
Facebook/Twitter = Wrong school, need to add Instagram. 

Athletics:
Prices: No “M” on sidebar, just prices for each space
Remove dead space/create a bigger map. 
What is the blue coloring?
Allow for the picture to be framed better or scroll down.
Center the “plus buttons”
Lower courts and upper courts need to be switched. 
Rectangles need to be properly designed on courts
Plaza needs a description.
Prices and thumbnail images on each description.
Athletics spaces on baseball field are not labeled (rows 15-20 on document you were shared)
Football stands need to be colored in gray.
Outdoor athletic complex button can be placed above the tennis courts with button that highlights all athletics projects.
Change Athletic Field to Athletics
For the Upper Courts and Lower Courts... can you move the main hotspot outside the court... i.e. Upper Court hotspot out of the court and the Individual Court left inside?
For the Turf/Multiplex... can you move the hot spot off the center logo

Dining Commons:
Adjust layout of picture, fit frame or scroll option
Prices are off, please use full number.
Please recolor the space next to the MacMillan Performing arts center to be the same green as other green spaces that are outdoors.
Descriptions, prices, thumbnail pictures needed on all spaces. 
A chair not the steps need to be highlighted for seating prices.
Entire seating area needs to be colored.
Missing Hotspot #21 Balcony
Missing Hotspot #22 East/West Gallery

Entry Hall:
Buttons, descriptions, price, thumbnail pictures (same as before)
Drop off circle shaded area needs to form with the semi-circle.
Entry hall is behind the current spot labeled (this was our error, it was labeled incorrectly with what was provided.
Exterior Fireplace should say Reserved
On inside of description Reserved should be in caps and written. No price point listed if reserved.
Picture is off and needs to be realigned.

Ice Arena:
Move to the left and realign

general:
All pricing has to be in numeric form... i.e. 10M has to be $10,000,000
All descriptions (like Greenhill) need to have pricing... i.e. Upper Courts, $500,000 then the description.  Once the area is sold they will replace the $ with "Reserved"... a few of the Blake areas need to say "Reserved", i.e. one of the Student Lounges has been sold
